Editorial review: Document remaining Wasm SIMD instructions (#43800)
mdn/content: files/en-us/webassembly/reference/simd/arithmetic/avgr_u/index.md

---
title: "avgr_u: Wasm SIMD arithmetic instruction"
short-title: avgr_u
slug: WebAssembly/Reference/SIMD/arithmetic/avgr_u
page-type: webassembly-instruction
browser-compat: webassembly.simd.avgr_u
sidebar: webassemblysidebar
---

> The **`avgr_u`** [SIMD arithmetic instruction](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/SIMD/arithmetic) performs a rounding average of two unsigned [`v128`](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/Types/v128) value interpretations. Each lane of the output value is `(a + b + 1) / 2`, i.e., the mean average of the corresponding lanes of the input values, rounded up (ceiling division).

Reviewer: Ceiling division is an odd term in that it implies the division is what causes the rounding to the ceiling, when in fact it is the addition on the top line, not the division. While this is probably some kind of well understood shorthand, we can avoid any confusion by doing:

```suggestion
The **`avgr_u`** [SIMD arithmetic instruction](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/SIMD/arithmetic) performs a rounding average of two unsigned [`v128`](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/Types/v128) value interpretations. Each lane of the output value is `(a + b + 1) / 2`, i.e., the mean average of the corresponding lanes of the input values, rounded up to the nearest integer.
```

Author: Updated
